What's the matter? Find the dead man from the kiss.
If you play evil like that, you will not go.
Let's do it.
My brother allowed me today.
Touching a brother in '82
Don't think I have a two-heart relationship.
What do you think?
We've been struggling for years to get together.
How can I refuse to kiss you?
And we've been dating our whole lives at a birthday party, haven't we?
Well, do I look right?
I've heard before that Miss Su's three-year journey has been unsuccessful.
What's the news after today?
Two days ago, two people kissed at her birthday party.
The first beauty must be worthy of the first kung fu.
I don't have to watch you drink alone.
So come and drink with you
To the moon bath
Are you okay?
Can you call the moon too?
Oh.
Sister-in-law
Hey.
Honey, someone's already with you.
Drink wherever you want to go.
Don't interrupt my appointment with Miss Lin.
You can drink yours.
I don't care about you.
When you are tired of playing, can we go home together?
Oh, I'm leaving.
Pick up a girl in front of her fiancé.
Master Hai Hoang.
Jia what?
I gave every girl in the world a home.
Do you understand Mission 35?
You have to go.
Hurry up.
Give me a slap.
Make these things clear.
sitting cube
We've been clean lately.
Since Tang Du has been around for so many years, it was to check on you that I caused you to suffer so much commission.
From now on, do whatever you want, okay?
I want you to be the happiest man in the world.